# Code3 Visionary
This repository contains a set of tools for Code3 Visionary, created for Levrum Data Technologies, 
as part of an Oregon State University Senior Capstone project in the 2017-2018 school year.

### API
The code for running the Code3 Visionary API. The Cod3 Visionary API enables storage and 
retrieval of results generated by the GWR_Genetic module

### Clustering
Code for running a KMeans clustering algorithm. This module accepts a csv or shapefile, from which
you can select numerical features for a clustering analysis.

### GWR_Genetic
Our machine learning and statistical analysis module. 

### USCensusQuery
Our data ingestion and feature extraction tool. This module obtains data from locally stored files and
the U.S. Census API to create a csv and shapefile that combines and extracts features from the data.

### Documents
Our class documentation for the Senior Capstone class, including progress reports and design and requirements documents.

## Getting Started
Please see instructions for setting up and using each module in the readmes contained within the module.

### Prerequisites

#### Anaconda with Python 2.7
Though highly recommended, you can also run this module without Anaconda.
If you choose not to use Anaconda and you are on a Windows system, you may
find this blog helpful: http://geoffboeing.com/2014/09/using-geopandas-windows/
#### rtree
Optional, but improves performance of some modules.
#### Geopandas
Note that Geopandas has its own dependencies.
They should install automatically with Geopandas, if using Anaconda, but they will not be 
automatically installed with some configurations.
Please see the Geopandas webite for help, if you have problems.
Geopandas - http://geopandas.org/install.html 
#### scikit-learn
scikit-learn also has dependencies in common with Geopandas.
See http://scikit-learn.org/stable/install.html for troubleshooting, if necessary.
#### utm
utm is a python library that converts longitude and latitude to a UTM coordinate system.
#### PostMan
Postman is used to test out API, making sure all the requests we developed worked locally and on the server.
#### R
R is a statistical analysis program which was use to output Geographic Weighted Regresssion model for our project
#### Google Cloud Platform
GCP is where our API is hosted and developed. We use it to test deployment of our API onto a server.
#### SPGWR
This is a package we installed in R that lets us access the GWR library to create or model.
#### ggplot2
Helps with plotting in R to help us visualize the data.
#### rlist
Allows us to create lists in R and use python functionality.
#### Tkinter
Used to invoke the Windows' explorer allowing us to select the files we need to run the GWR_Genetic portion.


## Authors

* **Brian Wiltse** - *Initial work*
* **Kien Tran** - *Initial work*

